OSDOCS-18136: scrubbing GWAPI docs of OLM subscription references (#110739)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/ingress_load_balancing/configuring_gateway_api/enable-gateway-api.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="enable-gateway-api_{context}"]
= Enable the Gateway API
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: enable-gateway-api

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
To route traffic using the Gateway API, you must first enable the feature on your cluster. You can enable the Gateway API by creating a `GatewayClass` custom resource, which triggers the Ingress Operator to provision the necessary controller and components. 

> After you successfully enable the Gateway API, you can begin deploying gateways, assigning network addresses, and configuring listeners to control your network traffic flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful installation of the GatewayClass, you can begin deploying gateways, assigning network addresses, and configuring listeners to control your network traffic flow.
```
gatewayAPI is enabled by default, I think this is more clear

Author: Got it, thanks!
